README.md, before:

# Project1
First project for GA SEI


User Story:

The game will be a knock off 'galaga'

The as a user, I should be able to move a space ship

The game starts off on a menu where, as a user, should be able to select a start button

The next screen should be a character select between three different characters

As a user, once a character is selected, the game will start

Gameplay will involve the user at the left side of the screen, able to move up and down

The enemies will appear on the right side of the screen and charge towards the user

As a user I want to be able to shoot the enemy players and earn points

different enemies are worth different points

Once as a user, I reach a certain amount of points I should win

There will then be a 'you win' message

The message will display for a bit before automatically returning to the home screen

If as a user, my character is touched by an enemy ship, I get destroyed and the game is over

Description of the game:

In this game, the user will control a space ship to fire projectiles at enemies. In the beginning, after the user has clicked the start button, they will proceed to a character select screen, where the user will select a character. After that the game will begin. The user can move their character up and down on the left side of the screen. They will press the [placeHolderKey] to shoot projectiles at the enemies that show up. There will be three different enemies, each worth a different amount of points. Once the score hits [placeHolderScore] they win. If the player is hit by an enemy player, they lose.

My Approach:

My approach to making this game will be to first write in pseudocode what I want to accomplish. I will have to look over my notes to guide my code. I will have to use google and the project 1 issue queue. Once I have the appropriate pseudocode, I will start working on the functions that will run the game. I will create a HTML file to build the skeleton of the game. I will use JavaScript to make the game work, and use CSS to make the game look pretty. I may create some of the assets myself to make it more unique.

If possible, I would like to add music and sound, but this will be the very last thing that I do.


![](Img/1.jpg)
![](Img/2.jpg)
![](Img/3.jpg)
![](Img/4.jpg)
![](Img/5.jpg)
![](Img/6.jpg)
![](Img/Loss_Screen.jpg)
![](Img/Win_Screen.jpg)

Commit message:

Edited the readme to include basic and stretch goals

README.md, after:

# Project1
First project for GA SEI


User Story:

The game will be a knock off 'galaga'

The as a user, I should be able to move a space ship

The game starts off on with the user controlling a ship after hitting the start button. Stretch goal: a menu where, as a user, should be able to select a  ship then the start button

Stretch goal: The next screen should be a character select between three different characters. then, as a user, once a character is selected, the game will start

Gameplay will involve the user at the left side of the screen, able to move up and down

One enemy will appear on the right side of the screen and charge towards the user

As a user I want to be able to shoot the enemy and win.

Sretch goal: Implement different size enemies, and a score board. Different enemies are worth different points. then as a user, once I reach a certain amount of points I should win

There will then be a 'you win' message

Stretch goal: The message will display for a bit before automatically returning to the home screen

If as a user, my character is touched by an enemy ship, I get destroyed and the game is over

Description of the game:

In this game, the user will control a space ship to fire projectiles at enemies. In the beginning, after the user has clicked the start button, they will proceed to a character select screen, where the user will select a character. After that the game will begin. The user can move their character up and down on the left side of the screen. They will press the [placeHolderKey] to shoot projectiles at the enemies that show up. There will be three different enemies, each worth a different amount of points. Once the score hits [placeHolderScore] they win. If the player is hit by an enemy player, they lose.

My Approach:

My approach to making this game will be to first write in pseudocode what I want to accomplish. I will have to look over my notes to guide my code. I will have to use google and the project 1 issue queue. Once I have the appropriate pseudocode, I will start working on the functions that will run the game. I will create a HTML file to build the skeleton of the game. I will use JavaScript to make the game work, and use CSS to make the game look pretty. I may create some of the assets myself to make it more unique.

If possible, I would like to add music and sound, but this will be the very last thing that I do.


![](Img/1.jpg)
![](Img/2.jpg)
![](Img/3.jpg)
![](Img/4.jpg)
![](Img/5.jpg)
![](Img/6.jpg)
![](Img/Loss_Screen.jpg)
![](Img/Win_Screen.jpg)
